February a favorite returning male
character the nominees are John Wheeler
from General Hospital
Gavin Graham from The Young and the
Restless Gavin Graham from The Young and
the Restless
send in the award for favorite
Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani
from days of our lives
any one of the brilliant actresses
nominated for this award tonight
deserves to take it home unfortunately
only one can the nominees for favorite
Supporting Actress are from passions
errand golf
from one life to live Mary Lauren Bishop
from All My Children Sara and from Days
of Our Lives Jessica Ashley Jessica
Ashley from unfortunately Jessica
couldn't be with us tonight so I'll be
accepting this award on her behalf and
I'm sure that Jessica would like to
thank my parents she'd also like to
thank my friends Chandler Monica Ross
Phoebe and Rachel who's sitting right
there
we have to rush out of there so fast
which we had to get out of there because
look what I won oh my god you stole her
award no no no I'm accepting it on her
behalf you know would be half means sure
I do it's a verb as in I behalf in it